Add versioning documents [8531] (#1233)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS: VERSIONING.md

Versioning policy declaration
=============================

> Starting on v2.0.0, the version numbers for this library will follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting on v2.0.0, the version numbers for this library will adhere to the versioning policies defined by [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).
```

This means that API breaks should only happen between major version changes.

> If an ABI break is required, it should be done between minor versions and be clearly stated on the release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an ABI break is required, it should be done between minor versions, and it should be clearly stated on the release notes.
```

> If an ABI break is required, it should be done between minor versions and be clearly stated on the release notes.

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether we need these

Author: I prefer to be explicit, especially regarding ABI changes, as semver does not seem to be clear.
